For an organisation to become a Baby Bonus Approved Institution (AI), please visit the Baby Bonus Online Approved Institutions Portal and: Select “Join Using CorpPass”. Complete all fields in capital letters. Ensure that the UEN or Unique Entity Number and Institution code are entered correctly. The applicant must be the Authorised Person (AP) to transact on behalf of your company. If the application is successful, the AP will receive an email notification to accept the Approved Person/Institution Terms and Conditions within 3 working days from the application. A Letter of Approval and Baby Bonus stickers will also be sent to your company’s address within 3 weeks. You can then apply for the Child Development Account (CDA) GIRO with the bank and/or enable the Baby Bonus NETS service on your NETS terminal. Please note that: If your organisation is a newly licensed child care centre, the AP will not be required to submit a new application to be an AI. The AP will automatically receive an invitation to accept the AI Status for each outlet. For other organisations, the AP must submit an application for each outlet.
If the system does not have a record of your Unique Entity Number (UEN), you can still proceed to apply to join as an Approved Institution. Please complete all other mandatory fields in the application and MSF will verify your records.
To join as an Approved Institution (AI), please verify your Unique Identity Number or UEN again if the system prompts that your UEN is invalid. If you are unsure, please check with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA).
There is no validity period to be a Baby Bonus Approved Institution (AI). However, the approval granted by MSF is subject to  compliance with the Approved Institution Terms and Conditions.
No payment is required to register as an Approved Institution (AI) with the Ministry of Social and Family Development (MSF).
If your institution has been licensed or registered with the relevant governing body but your application for Approved Institution (AI) is not approved, please submit a new application to MSF using the correct Unique Entity Number (UEN) and Institution Code. For your reference, here are some examples: Child Care Centres PT code issued by the Early Childhood Development Agency (PT1234) Kindergarten code issued by the Early Childhood Development Agency (KG0123) Healthcare Institution (HI) code issued by the Ministry of Health (1234567) EI Registration Number for Early Intervention Programmes issued by the Ministry of Social and Family Development (EP12345) Pharmacy Certificate Number issued by the Health Sciences Authority If you are unsure of your UEN, you may wish to check your UEN with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA). If you are unsure of your institution code, please check with the Governing body or write in to us using this form. Simply enter ‘Baby Bonus Approved Institution’ in the Subject field and key in your details.
For enquiries and feedback on Approved Institutions (AI), you may write to us using this form. Simply enter ‘Baby Bonus Approved Institution’ in the Subject field. Alternatively, you may call the Baby Bonus hotline at 1800 253 7707 or (+65) 6253 7707 if you are overseas. For enquiries on Banks' Child Development Account (CDA) Products & Baby Bonus Cards, please contact: DBS Bank at 1800 339 6666 or visit their website at www.dbs.com.sg, OCBC Bank at 1800 438 6088 or visit their website at www.ocbc.com/babybonus, UOB at 1800 222 2121 or visit their website at www.uob.com.sg. Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) at 1800 747 7000 or visit their website: www.standardchartered.com.sg. Baby Bonus NETS Service, Sales & Customer Service Centre at 6274 1212, or visit their website at www.nets.com.sg.
To find the list of optical shops which allow the use of Child Development Account funds, you can visit the Approved Institution Portal and select “List of Approved Institutions”.
To find more about Approved Institutions (AIs), please visit our Approved Institution Portal.
You may want to check with the AI directly on the processes and when the refund will be completed.
If you would like to request for an additional or higher-resolution Baby Bonus Approved Institution sticker, please send us your request by using this form. Simply enter ‘Request for Baby Bonus Sticker’ in the Subject field and key in your Approved Institution details and uses for the sticker.
An Approved Institution is any approved educational or healthcare institution registered with MSF under the Baby Bonus Scheme. Parents can use funds in their child’s Child Development Account to make payment for approved uses at Baby Bonus Approved Institutions.
The following organisations are eligible to apply to be a Baby Bonus Approved Institution: Child care centres and kindergartens licensed by the Early Childhood Development Agency (ECDA)  Special Education schools registered with the Ministry of Education (MOE) or the Council for Private Education (CPE)  Early intervention programmes registered with the Ministry of Social and Family Development (MSF)  Assistive technology device providers registered either with SG Enable, the Ministry of Health (MOH) or Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA) Hospitals, clinics and other healthcare institutions licensed by the Ministry of Health (MOH) Pharmacies registered with the Health Sciences Authority (HSA) Optical shops registered with Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA)
You can check your organisation's eligibility to be a Baby Bonus Approved Institution on the Approved Institution Portal.
Under the Approved Institution Terms and Conditions, each business outlet or centre belonging to the same eligible institution must be independently registered as a Baby Bonus Approved Institution before it can deduct funds from the Child Development Account or CDA for approved uses. For example, if a company owns 3 business outlets in Ang Mo Kio, Bedok, and Clementi, all three outlets must be registered independently as a Baby Bonus Approved Institution before they can deduct funds from the CDA for approved uses.
CorpPass stands for Singapore Corporate Access. Its concept is similar to SingPass. SingPass is for individuals while CorpPass is for organisations. In order to continue transacting online with Government agencies, your entity will need to have a CorpPass by 31 Aug 2018. You can visit the CorpPass website to find out more on how to register for CorpPass.
Approved Persons will no longer be able to use SingPass to access the Approved Institution (AI) Portal from 1 September 2018. Please register for CorpPass soon if your entity has not done so.
You must be an Approved Person or Authorised Affiliate in order to log in to the Approved Institution Portal or AI Portal. If you are an Approved Person or Authorised Affiliate and wish to access AI e-services with your CorpPass, your entity’s nominated CorpPass Administrator has to first assign you the user role for “Baby Bonus Approved Institutions (BBAI) digital service” on the CorpPass website. Users who have CorpPass but are not Approved Persons would not be able to access.
You can continue to use your SingPass to perform Government-to-Business (G2B) transactions on behalf of your entity until 31 August 2018. Agencies must register for CorpPass by 31 August 2018 in order to continue transacting online with the Government agencies from 1 September 2018.
Businesses currently conduct business transactions through multiple digital identities such as SingPass and EASY. Having a single corporate digital identity will increase convenience for users who transact with multiple government agencies, as they no longer need to handle multiple login IDs. CorpPass will also allow businesses to have greater control, as they will be able to grant and manage employee access to Government digital services.
All Local Agencies with a Unique Entity Number, or UEN, can apply for CorpPass. Local entities without a UEN are not eligible. Foreign entities and overseas organisations are eligible to apply, even if they do not have a local UEN. If you are eligible, you can apply for CorpPass on the CorpPass website.
CorpPass users must have a NRIC or FIN in order to apply to be an Approved Institution or Approved Person. If you are a foreigner and do not have a FIN, you may wish to consider nominating another person in your organisation to apply instead. Please also note that to be an Approved Institution, your organisation must be licensed or registered with the relevant regulatory or licensing body. An Approved Person should be a person authorised to make decision on behalf of the organisation.
The Approved Institution acceptance can only be made by your entity's Authorised Person. The Authorised Person will receive a notification to complete the Approved Institution acceptance. If your Authorised Person has a CorpPass, he or she can login to complete the acceptance. If not, your entity's nominated CorpPass administrator has to first assign the Authorised Person the user role for "Baby Bonus Approved Institutions (BBAI) digital service" on the CorpPass website.
A notification will be sent to the new AP to accept the terms and conditions. However, the new AP must first be assigned a CorpPass for the Baby Bonus Approved Institution e-Service.
If the Approved Person (AP) of the organisation wishes to update his or her business and personal particulars, he or she can do so by selecting the ‘Update AI Details’ service on our Approved Institution Portal. Child care centres licensed by the Early Childhood Development Agency or ECDA; kindergartens registered with ECDA; healthcare institutions licensed by the Ministry of Health; and pharmacies licensed by the Health Sciences Authority that wish to update their business particulars, should do so with their respective governing bodies. The new information will then be updated automatically in the Approved Institution Portal.
Organisations who wish to withdraw their Approved Institution (AI) status should submit their request using the "Withdraw AI Status" service on our Approved Institution Portal.
To update bank account details, Approved Institutions (AIs) may use the "Update AI details" service on the Approved Institution Portal. If the AI has an existing GIRO/Direct Debit Authorisation (DDA) arrangement, they should inform their new bank.
The existing Approved Person can submit a request to change Approved Person using ‘Update AI Details’ service on our Approved Institution Portal.
Approved Institutions need to maintain the following records on Child Development Account or CDA deductions for a period of 3 years from the date of withdrawal:    Name of child who is the CDA member or the child's sibling CDA Trustee Amount deducted from the CDA Transaction date and transaction details.   The records and supporting documents shall be maintained in a format which can be retrieved for checks and verification.
To ensure proper deductions from the Child Development Account or CDA, Approved Institutions should verify that the person making withdrawals is the CDA trustee. For recurring expenses such as monthly school fees or one-off deductions above $500, Approved Institutions are required to request for documentary proof, such as the child’s birth certificate. If parents intend to use the child’s sibling’s CDA for payment, parents can also log in to the Baby Bonus mobile application with their SingPass to use the Sibling Check function to retrieve details of the child and the child’s sibling for Approved Institution’s verification.
Approved Institutions can identify the Child Development Account (CDA) member through the child's name embossed on the CDA NETS card. Approved Institutions can also ask parents for the child's Birth Certificate or the latest CDA statement issued by the bank for further verifications. Please note that Approved Institutions need to check the sibling relationship for one-off expenses above $500 or recurring expenses such as monthly school fees. The verification of the sibling relationship can be done by requesting the parents to log in to the Baby Bonus mobile application with their SingPass and use the Sibling Check function to retrieve details of their children.
Approved Institutions (AIs) need to check the relationship between the Child Development Account (CDA) member and his sibling for one-off expenses that are above $500 or recurrent expenses such as monthly school fees. The check can be done by asking  parents to log in to the Baby Bonus mobile application with their SingPass and use the Sibling Check function to retrieve the details of their children.
Parents (CDA trustees), Approved Persons or Approved Institutions can be held liable for any misuse of the CDA. To better understand the terms governing the use of the CDA, please refer to the Terms & Conditions on our Approved Institution Portal.
For refunds of fees paid out from a Child Development Account (CDA), Approved Institutions (AIs) should refund the amount directly to the CDA using one of the following options: Option 1: Through interbank GIRO using the corporate bank account that the AI has registered with MSF. Option 2: Through the AI Portal using the Refund to CDA. The refund should be done within the timeframe agreed upon by both the CDA trustee and the AI. Note: To use the refund function on the AI Portal, a one-time Direct Debit Authorisation (DDA) application is to be submitted to the bank through MSF. You can find the DDA form on our AI Portal.
Approved Institutions (AI) using the 'Refund to the Child Development Account (CDA)’ service for the first time must submit a one-time Direct Debit Authorisation (DDA) application to the bank through MSF. You can find the DDA form on the Approved Institution Portal. You can send the DDA application form by post to Services Processing Officer Ministry of Social and Family Development Family Development Group (Baby Bonus & Leave Branch) Family@Enabling Village 20 Lengkok Bahru, #04-02 Singapore 159053. You do not need to complete any other forms for tracking of refunds or keep MSF informed of the refunds. You can keep track of your refunds by referring to your own corporate account.
Approved Institutions should refund any cash payments collected from parents in cash as the Government will not match any deposits made by Approved Institution in the Child Development Account.
It will take around two weeks for the refunds to be credited into the child’s CDA. Please ensure that the CDA Trustee is aware of the time needed for the refund to be completed.
It will take around two weeks for the refund to be credited into the child’s CDA.     You can check your corporate bank records after two weeks.
If the Approved Institution has submitted a refund request using Baby Bonus Online, it will take around two weeks for the refund to be credited into the child’s CDA.     You can check your child’s CDA for the refund after two weeks.
All Approved Institutions (AIs) are not allowed to deduct administrative fees from the CDA. Funds in the CDA are intended to support the developmental needs of children and should not be diverted to pay for administrative fees. This includes, but are not limited to, (a) Charges for processing CDA payments, (b) Penalty fees for the late payment of school fees, and (c) Penalty charges and Bank charges for failed direct debits in the CDA. Please click here to check the types of expenses that an AI can deduct from the CDA.
To join the Baby Bonus Scheme, please start by checking your child’s eligibility on Baby Bonus Online. If your child qualifies, you may proceed to apply by following these steps. STEP 1: Visit Baby Bonus Online. STEP 2: Click “Join”. It will bring you to a SingPass log-in page. STEP 3: Log in using your SingPass. STEP 4: Complete the relevant sections in the application form. STEP 5: Click “Submit” when done. When applying, please note that both parents have to decide which parent or a third party will receive the cash gifts as a Nominated Bank Account Holder, and manage the Child Development Account (CDA) as a CDA trustee. You may wish to know that the Nominated Bank Account Holder for the cash gift and the CDA trustee can be the same person or different persons. The CDA trustee has to be above the age of 18 and must not be a bankrupt.
You can check your child’s eligibility and Baby Bonus Benefits on Baby Bonus Online using “Check Eligibility”.    Alternatively, you can let us know which date your child is born to help us answer your question. Born on or after 24 March 2016 Please select your child birth order. You may wish to know that the birth order of the child is tied to his or her birth mother. A stillbirth is counted as a birth order. Non-citizen children and stepchildren are not considered in the counting of birth orders. First and Second Goes to MQA BBB - after 24 Mar 2016 - First and Second Third and Fourth Goes to MQA BBB - after 24 Mar 2016 – Third and Fourth Fifth and beyond Goes to MQA BBB - after 24 Mar 2016 – Fifth and Beyond Born on 1 January 2015 to 23 March 2016 Please select your child birth order. You may wish to know that the birth order of the child is tied to his or her birth mother. A stillbirth is counted as a birth order. Non-citizen children and stepchildren are not considered in the counting of birth orders. First and Second Goes to MQA BBB - 1 Jan 2015 to 23 Mar 2016 - First and Second Third and Fourth Goes to MQA BBB - 1 Jan 2015 to 23 Mar 2016 - Third and Fourth Fifth and beyond Goes to MQA BBB - 1 Jan 2015 to 23 Mar 2016 - Fifth and Beyond   Born on 26 August 2012 to 31 December 2014 Please select your child birth order. You may wish to know that the birth order of the child is tied to his or her birth mother. A stillbirth is counted as a birth order. Non-citizen children and stepchildren are not considered in the counting of birth orders. First and Second Goes to MQA BBB - 26 Aug 2012 to 31 Jan 2014 - First and Second Third and Fourth Goes to MQA BBB - 26 Aug 2012 to 31 Jan 2014 - Third and Fourth Fifth and beyond Goes to MQA BBB - 26 Aug 2012 to 31 Jan 2014 - Fifth and Beyond Born on 17 August 2008 to 25 August 2012 Please select your child birth order. You may wish to know that the birth order of the child is tied to his or her birth mother. A stillbirth is counted as a birth order. Non-citizen children and stepchildren are not considered in the counting of birth orders. First and Second Goes to BBB - 17 Aug 2008 to 25 Aug 2012 - First and Second Third and Fourth Goes to BBB - 17 Aug 2008 to 25 Aug 2012 - Third and Fourth Fifth and beyond Goes to BBB - 17 Aug 2008 to 25 Aug 2012 - Fifth and Beyond Born on 1 January 2006 to 16 August 2008 Please select your child birth order. You may wish to know that the birth order of the child is tied to his or her birth mother. A stillbirth is counted as a birth order. Non-citizen children and stepchildren are not considered in the counting of birth orders. First Goes to MQA BBB - 1 Jan 2006 to 16 Aug 2008 - First Second Goes to MQA BBB - 1 Jan 2006 to 16 Aug 2008 - Second Third and Fourth Goes to MQA BBB - 1 Jan 2006 to 16 Aug 2008 - Third and Fourth
You can check your child’s eligibility and Baby Bonus Benefits on Baby Bonus Online using the “Are You Eligible” tool.
Children of unwed parents can enjoy Child Development Account (CDA) benefits if they were born on, or after 1 September 2016. They will receive the CDA First Step Grant when they join the Baby Bonus Scheme and open a CDA. They will also receive Government matching contributions for each dollar saved into the CDA, up to the maximum amount shown in the table below.
Children of unwed parents are eligible to join the Baby Bonus Scheme if they are Singapore Citizens and were born on, or after 1 September 2016 to the receive CDA benefits. To check if your child is eligible for Baby Bonus, you can use the “Check Eligibility” on Baby Bonus Online.
Unmarried parents with a Singaporean child born from 1 September 2016 are eligible for the Baby Bonus Benefits. However, they are not eligible for the cash gift.
Apart from the Child Development Account (CDA) benefits available to children of unwed parents born from 1 September 2016 onwards, unwed mothers of Singaporean children born from 1 January 2017 onwards are eligible for Government-paid maternity leave. Government benefits that support the growth and development of children are given to all children regardless of the marital status of their parents. Children of unwed parents have access to social assistance, education and healthcare subsidies like other children. All mothers, regardless of their marital status, are also eligible for infant care and child care subsidies, Medisave Grant for newborns and foreign domestic worker levy concession. If you wish to find out more, please visit the Hey Baby website or the Child Care Link portal.
Children who are abandoned or given up for adoption may receive the Baby Bonus Benefits if they meet the eligibility criteria.
If your child is eligible, you will receive the cash gift within 7 to 10 working days after the child’s birth registration or after the child joins the scheme (whichever is later). You will also receive a notification from the bank that the Child Development Account (CDA) has been opened within the same time frame. The Government matching will be deposited into your child’s CDA within 2 weeks after you have saved into the CDA. If your child is eligible for CDA First Step, you will receive the payment in your child's CDA within 2 weeks after the CDA is opened. You do not need to put in any deposit before receiving CDA First Step. You can check the amount of Baby Bonus Benefits you will receive by going to ‘View/Update My Baby Bonus Details’ on Baby Bonus Online, and select ‘View Statement'.
The Medisave Grant for Newborns is a grant to help parents defray their child’s healthcare expenses such as MediShield Life premiums, recommended childhood vaccinations, hospitalisations, and approved outpatient treatments. It is administered by the Central Provident Fund Board (CPF). To find out more, please visit the Hey Baby website.
A child will remain a Singapore Citizen until he or she turns 21 years old. We do not recover the Baby Bonus benefits that are already paid out unless fraud or payment error is suspected.
If a child is a Singapore citizen at birth and meets the eligibility criteria during application, he or she will continue to enjoy the Baby Bonus benefits even if his or her parents subsequently get a divorce. We will not recover benefits that are already paid out unless fraud or payment error is suspected. However, if the child’s existing Child Development Account trustee, or CDA trustee, no longer has the custody, care and control over him or her, the CDA trustee will need to be changed. You can check out "When do i need to change the Child Development Account (CDA) trustee?" for more information.
Baby Bonus Online allows you to: Check online if your child qualifies for the Baby Bonus Benefits Join online anytime, anywhere View online the disbursements of your child's Baby Bonus Benefits Update online your account information.
If your child is a Singapore citizen at birth and meets the eligibility criteria, you can join the Baby Bonus scheme 1 working day after the birth registration, or any time before the end of the year which your child turns 12 years old.
To submit your Baby Bonus supporting documents, please email us at msf_babybonus@msf.gov.sg.
We are sorry to inform you that the registration for the SG50 Jubilee Baby Gift has closed. However, if you have questions on the baby gift under the Embracing Parenthood Movement launched by The People’s Association (PA), you may email your enquiries to pa_familylife@pa.gov.sg.
The Baby Bonus Scheme was implemented in April 2001.
You cannot open a Child Development Account (CDA) for children who are 12 and above.
The Child Development Co-Savings Scheme refers to the Baby Bonus Scheme, which is part of the Marriage and Parenthood Package. The Baby Bonus Scheme includes a cash gift and/or Government contributions to the Child Development Account (CDA). You can check your child’s eligibility and Baby Bonus Benefits using "Check Eligibility” on Baby Bonus Online.
The Baby Bonus Scheme is part of the Marriage and Parenthood Package to help parents lighten the financial cost of raising children. The Baby Bonus Scheme includes a cash gift and/or contributions to the Child Development Account or CDA. The cash gift will be paid to the nominated bank account holder’s bank account while the CDA Government contributions will be credited to the child’s CDA. The CDA Government contributions consist of dollar-for-dollar Government matching and/or CDA First Step. You can check your child’s eligibility and Baby Bonus Benefits using the “Check Eligibility” on Baby Bonus Online.
To update your child’s new name for Baby Bonus, please email a copy of the deed poll or your child’s Certificate of Extract from the Registry of Births to msf_babybonus@msf.gov.sg. Separately, the Child Development Account Trustee also has to update the CDA bank by bringing the original deed poll or Certificate of Extract from the Registry of Births to any bank branch.
You may call the Baby Bonus hotline at 1800 253 7707 or (+65) 6253 7707 if you are overseas.
If you have lost your Child Development Account card or CDA card, you may approach the CDA bank for a replacement card. The CDA card is pre-activated by the respective Managing Agents, which are POSB/DBS, UOB or OCBC. For enquiries on the replacement of a Baby Bonus card, please contact: DBS Bank at 1800 339 6666 or visit their website at www.dbs.com.sg, OCBC Bank at 1800 438 6088, or visit their website at www.ocbc.com/babybonus. UOB at 1800 222 2121 or visit their website at www.uob.com.sg.
The birth order is tied to the number of children born to or adopted by the mother. If there is an adopted child in the family, the birth order is determined by the date of adoption, and not the age of the adopted child. If the adopted child is not a Singapore Citizen, his or her birth order is determined by the date of adoption, or the date the child becomes a Singapore Citizen, whichever is later. Step children, children who are not Singapore citizens, or children given up for adoption are not counted in the birth order.
The birth order is tied to the number of children born to or adopted by the mother. If your second child is the first child born to the child's mother, he or she will be considered the first child.
For birth order, twins, triplets and other multiple births are counted as separate births. For example, the first twin is considered as the first child and the second twin as the second child.
The deceased child is counted in the birth order when there are subsequent children born to the couple.
Stillbirths will be counted in the birth order if the child was born on, or after 13 July 2015.
To update the change in your children’s birth order, you can use the 'Change Birth Order' service on Baby Bonus Online. You will be required to upload the following documents:  Birth certificates of your children; Citizenship certificates of your children; and Adoption Order and Schedule of your children, if any.
A child may be eligible for the Baby Bonus Scheme if: he or she is a Singapore Citizen and his or her parents are lawfully married. Children of unwed parents may be eligible for CDA benefits only if they are born on or after 1 September 2016. You can check your child’s eligibility and Baby Bonus Benefits using the “Check Eligibility” on Baby Bonus Online. You will be asked a few questions to determine the child’s eligibility.
Your adopted child may be eligible for the Baby Bonus Scheme if your child:  was born from 2006 onwards is a Singapore Citizen his or her adoptive parents are lawfully married at the time of the child's adoption (i.e. when the Adoption Order is obtained)2  Please note that: A child born between 1 January 2006 to 16 August 2008, who is the first child, is not eligible for Government matching in the Child Development Account (CDA), or  the fifth child (and above), is not eligible for cash gift and Government matching in the Child Development Accounts (CDA). Children who are adopted by widows, widowers or divorcees are eligible.
Your child may be eligible for Baby Bonus Scheme if he or she is a Singapore citizen and below 12 years of age. You need to include the father’s name in the child's birth certificate, if it was not included. Please check with the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (ICA) on the procedures to do so.  You can email a copy of your child’s birth certificate and your marriage certificate to us at msf_babybonus@msf.gov.sg once available. Your child’s birth certificate must bear both the father’s and the mother’s details. On receiving your documents, we will inform you the next course of actions within 5 to 10 working days.
Children of unwed parents can enjoy Child Development Account (CDA) benefits if they were born on, or after 1 September 2016. Parents of all Singaporean children, including single parents, are eligible for paid childcare and extended childcare leave, unpaid infant care leave, Medisave grant for newborns, enhanced subsidies for centre-based infant and childcare, and foreign domestic worker concessionary levy. If you wish to find out more details, please visit the Hey Baby website or the Child Care Link portal.
If a child has passed away, any outstanding cash gifts will be paid in one lump sum to the Nominated Bank Account Holder. If the child has a Child Development Account (CDA), we will match parents' savings into the CDA until the date of the child's demise and instruct the bank to close the CDA within two months. The money in the CDA will be transferred to the Public Trustee for distribution according to the Interstate Succession Act or Syariah Law.
If either parent is a Singapore Citizen at the time of the child’s birth, the child will be eligible for full Baby Bonus Benefits. The child must obtain his or her Singapore citizenship and join the scheme before 12 years old. If both parents are not Singapore citizens at the time of the child’s birth, the child will be eligible for pro-rated Baby Bonus Benefits. The child must obtain citizenship before 24 months of age in order to be eligible for the cash gift, and before 12 years old in order to be eligible for the Child Development Account. The amount of pro-ration will depend on the date that the child becomes a Singapore citizen. To check if your child is eligible for Baby Bonus, you can use the “Check Eligibility” on Baby Bonus Online.
You can email a copy of your child’s birth certificate and marriage certificate to us at msf_babybonus@msf.gov.sg once available. Your child’s birth certificate must bear both the father’s and the mother’s details. On receiving your documents, we will inform you the next course of actions within 5 to 10 working days.
A child’s eligibility for Government matching contribution depends on the child’s date of birth and birth order. To check if your child is eligible for Baby Bonus and his or her benefits, you can use “Check Eligibility” on Baby Bonus Online. If your child is already enrolled for the scheme, you can select 'View Account Summary' under Services to check his/her CDA Government contributions cap.
One of the eligibility criteria for the Baby Bonus scheme is that the child’s parents must be lawfully married. If you are married, your spouse’s name must be reflected on your child’s birth certificate to qualify for Baby Bonus. Otherwise, the child may only be eligible for Child Development Account (CDA) benefits if he or she is a Singapore citizen born on or after 1 September 2016.
If you and your spouse were not Singapore citizens at the time of your child's birth and your child subsequently becomes a citizen, the Baby Bonus Benefits will be pro-rated according to the date of your child's citizenship. You can also check if your child is eligible for Baby Bonus by using “Check Eligibility” on Baby Bonus Online.
For a child who is born overseas to be eligible for Baby Bonus, he or she must obtain Singapore Citizenship first, before joining the Baby Bonus Scheme. To check your child’s eligibility for Baby Bonus and the benefits, you can use “Check Eligibility” on Baby Bonus Online. There are 3 sections in the application form: A, B and C. When you apply, please complete only Section C “Citizenship” and provide the following documents online: Birth certificates of all children; Citizenship certificates of all children, if applicable; Marriage certificate; and NRICs, both front and back, or passports of both parents. It will take between 5 and 7 working days to process your application. However, it may take longer if we need additional documents to support your application. Our officers will contact you for the supporting documents, if required.  You can check your application status by using “View/Update My Baby Bonus Details” on Baby Bonus Online. You can also find out how much Baby Bonus your child can receive using “View Statement” at Family View.
You can email a copy of your child’s birth certificate and marriage certificate to us at msf_babybonus@msf.gov.sg once they are available. Your child’s birth certificate must bear both the father’s and the mother’s details. After receiving your documents, we will let you know what to do next, within 5 to 10 working days.
To run the Baby Bonus Online, your hardware will need at least 1 Gigahertz (GHz) or faster processor, 1 Gigabyte (GB) 32-bit and 2 Gigabyte 64-bit RAM, and broadband connection to a local Internet Service Provider.
You will need the following software to access Baby Bonus Online:  Operating System Windows 7 or better Browser Internet Explorer 10.0 and above or Google Chrome 22.0 and above
Please follow these steps to check the version of your Internet Browser: STEP 1: Click "Help" on the menu bar. STEP 2: For Internet Explorer, click "About Internet Explorer". For Google Chrome, click "About Google Chrome".
If you encounter the error message: “You have already logged in. Simultaneous sessions are not allowed", while accessing the Baby Bonus Online, it could be because you have used the back, forward, and refresh buttons or are accessing the website on several windows. You can also encounter this error if the previous session was not properly terminated, for example, your Internet connection was cut off abruptly or you have closed the browser without clicking on the "Logout" button. If you are still unable to resolve the issue, please call us for assistance at 1800 253 7707 or (65) 6253 7707 if you are calling from overseas. Our operating hours are from Mondays to Fridays, 8.30am to 6.00pm, and Saturdays from 8.30pm to 1pm.
The slow response that you may encounter while accessing Baby Bonus Online (BBO) could be due to the browser, operating system and hardware you are using or your Internet Service Provider, or Local Area Network.
While accessing Baby Bonus Online (BBO), please do not use your browser's back button in the midst of your transaction. You may encounter an error if you do so. If you need assistance, please call us at 1800 253 7707 or (65) 6253 7707 if you are calling from overseas. Our operating hours are from Mondays to Fridays, 8.30am to 6.00pm, and Saturdays from 8.30am to 1.00pm.
Please note that only the child’s parents, Bank Account Holder and Child Development Account trustee will have access to Baby Bonus Online (BBO). If you are an authorised party but were denied access to BBO, please email MSF_Babybonus@msf.gov.sg with the following details, so we can assist with your request: Your log-in ID The name of child and his/her birth certificate number The e-services you would like to access on BBO
If you encounter page error while accessing the Baby Bonus website or are unable to log in, please clear your browser's cache and close all other applications that are running on your computer to free up memory space. For instructions on how to clear ‘cache’ or temporary internet files, please follow these steps according to your browser version. For Internet Explorer version 10.0 and above: STEP 1: Go to "Tools" menu. STEP 2: Click on "Internet Options". STEP 3: Go to "General Tab". STEP 4: Click "Delete" button under Browsing History section. STEP 5: Check all boxes next to the available options and click "Delete" button. STEP 6: Click 'OK' to exit the Internet Options dialog. For Google Chrome version 22.0 and above:  STEP 1: Click "Settings" in the menu bar. STEP 2: Click "Show Advanced Settings". STEP 3: Click “Clear Browsing Data". STEP 4: Tick all checkboxes. STEP 5: Click “Clear Browsing Data".
To print a page on the Baby Bonus Online, please follow these steps according to your browser version. For Internet Explorer version 10.0 and above: STEP 1: Right-click anywhere on the clean background of the browser. STEP 2: Click "Print". STEP 3: Fix the print settings for your desired print options. STEP 4: Click the "Apply" button, if you've made changes at first. STEP 5: Click the “Print “button if you haven’t made changes. For Google Chrome version 22.0 and above:  STEP 1: Right-click anywhere on the clean background of the browser. STEP 2: Click "Print". STEP 3: Fix the print settings for your desired print options. STEP 4: Click the “Print “button.
If you are making Baby Bonus application online but your latest details are not displayed in MyInfo, you can fill in the fields with your latest information before submitting your application.
Baby Bonus Online (BBO) will not be available every Thursday from 6pm to 8pm due to scheduled maintenance. If you still run into errors while accessing or using BBO, please email us at msf_babybonus@msf.gov.sg with the following details:  Date and time when you encountered problems;  The operating system you are using  The browser type and version number  The name of the Internet Service Provider (ISP) (e.g. Starhub, Singtel, etc.)  The portal you are trying to access, i.e. the Approved Institution Portal or Parent portal The service in the portal that you are accessing The current URL of the browser, i.e. https://www.babybonus.msf.gov.sg/parent/ or https://www.babybonus.msf.gov.sg/AI/ Screenshot of the messages or errors you encountered (if available)  Alternatively, you may call us at 1800 253 7707 (Calling from Singapore) or (65) 6253 7707 (Calling from overseas) for assistance. Our operating hours are Monday to Friday, 8.30am to 6.00pm.
If you have submitted a request to open a Child Development Account (CDA) and the status is reflected as ‘In-Progress’, please select whether the CDA trustee is: Your Spouse Goes to MQA I have submitted request to open CDA. Why is my status still at “In-progress”? Spouse A foreigner or third party Goes to MQA I have submitted request to open CDA. Why is my status still at “In-progress”? Foreigner or Third Party
If your spouse is a foreigner, when filling in the Baby Bonus application form, you should  Leave the “NRIC/FIN” field blank Select “Passport Number” or “Foreign ID” for “Identification Type”, and Enter his or her latest passport number at “Passport Number/Foreign ID” field.
A local contact number is required for the purpose of opening a CDA, as CDA funds can only be used locally. We understand that you do not have a Singapore mobile number. As an alternative, you may wish to consider providing a mobile number of a trusted relative residing in Singapore instead so that you can proceed with the application. Notwithstanding this arrangement, please update your mobile phone records with us, via Baby Bonus Online and also the CDA bank separately, when you are back in Singapore.
If you have submitted an application and the status is “Action Required By Applicant”, please check if the parent details you have keyed in to your application form are the same as those printed on your child’s birth certificate. Changes can be made by using “Update Application/Check Status” on Baby Bonus Online. If you are unable to edit your application form, please email us at msf_babybonus@msf.gov.sg with screenshots of the online form.
You can use the Baby Bonus cash gift to pay for expenses for your new-born child.
If your child is born on or after 1 January 2015, you will receive the cash gifts in your selected bank account, in 5 payments within 18 months from the birth of the child. To check the scheduled payment date and cash gift payment date, you can select 'View Account Summary' under Services on Baby Bonus Online. For children who were born before 1 January 2015 and have enrolled for the scheme, you can also check their payment details using 'View Account Summary' under Services.
The cash gift is credited to a bank account nominated by the child’s parents. Parents can choose to deposit the Baby Bonus cash gift into a savings account, or the Child Development Account, or CDA.  If you choose to receive the cash gift in your child’s CDA, you will not be able to withdraw the money in cash.
The Baby Bonus scheme consists of 2 components: the Cash Gift and the Child Development Account or CDA. Both parents will have to agree on who will: receive the Cash Gift as a Bank Account Holder, and/or manage the Child Development Account as a CDA trustee. The person can either be the parent of the child or a third party.  The Cash Gift bank account holder and CDA trustee can be the same person or different persons. The CDA trustee has to be above the age of 18 and not a bankrupt. The Cash Gift will be credited to the Bank Account Holder’s selected bank account. The bank account can be a personal or a joint bank account with the child. The CDA is a separate special savings account for children to help build up the savings that can be spent on approved uses. It is not a regular savings account. When a CDA is opened, the child will receive CDA benefits, comprising the CDA First Step and dollar-for-dollar Government matching contributions. The CDA First Step will be credited into the CDA within 2 weeks from the opening of the account. Parents can save in the CDA and receive dollar-for-dollar matching from the Government up to a maximum cap based on the child’s birth order. Parents' savings will be matched by the Government within 2 weeks.
For Baby Bonus Cash gift payments, you will receive an SMS or Email notification on the expected date of payment around 3 to 5 working days before the scheduled payment date. You may check the cash gift payment schedule by using “Services” on Baby Bonus Online, followed by “View Account Summary”.
For OCBC bank account holders, please enter your account number from the fourth digit onwards. The first 3 digits of your account number are the bank’s branch code.
You will not be taxed for the Baby Bonus cash gift, as Baby Bonus benefits are non-taxable.
To be eligible for Child Development Account (CDA) First Step, your child must be: born on or after 24 March 2016, and a Singapore citizen or become a citizen before 12 years old. To check if your child is eligible for CDA First Step, you can use the “Check Eligibility” on Baby Bonus Online.
It was announced in Budget 2015 that all Singaporean children born between 1 January 2009 and 31 December 2015 will receive a top-up of $300 or $600 in their Child Development Account or CDA if the CDA was opened by 30 June 2016. There is no Government matching to this amount.
If your child is entitled to the Child Development Account (CDA) First Step and the CDA is opened, you will receive $3,000 in your child's CDA within 2 weeks. You can check if you have received the CDA First Step by going to Baby Bonus Online and select ‘View/Update My Baby Bonus Details’, followed by 'View Statement'.
Trustees of the Child Development Account (CDA) can change the CDA bank by going to Baby Bonus Online and select ‘View/Update My Baby Bonus Details’. The new CDA will be opened within 3 working days. Upon the successful opening of the CDA, the new CDA bank will send you the Baby Bonus NETS card, and you can continue to save into the new CDA. The transfer of funds from Standard Chartered Bank (SCB) to your new CDA bank may take up to 3 weeks after the account is opened. This is due to the backend processing time required to credit the funds from the closed CDA to the new CDA.
You can change your Child Development Account (CDA) bank online anytime till 31 October 2018. We encourage CDA trustees to change their CDA bank early so that you have sufficient time to make an informed decision before the deadline.
If you do not change your Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) CDA to another CDA bank by 31 October 2018, you will automatically be assigned one of the three CDA banks appointed by MSF. Your new CDA will be opened by the first week of January 2019. You may change your preferred CDA bank on the Baby Bonus Online using Services after the assigned new CDA is opened.
If you are the Child Development Account (CDA) trustee, and you do not have a SingPass, you must complete the hardcopy form enclosed in the letter sent by MSF to change your CDA bank. You can email the completed form to MSF at MSF_Babybonus@msf.gov.sg, or post it to: Baby Bonus and Leave Branch Family@Enabling Village 20 Lengkok Bahru, #04-02 Singapore 159053. If you did not receive the form, please write to us using this form. Simply enter ‘Change of CDA bank form’ in the Subject field and key in your details. After receiving your form, we will send a Letter of Authorisation (LOA) to you by post within 10 days. You can use the LOA to open a new CDA personally at the CDA bank of your choice.
If your child turns 12 years old in 2018, you do not need to change to another Child Development Account (CDA) bank. The CDA will automatically be closed on 31 December 2018, and the balance will be transferred to the Post-Secondary Education Account, or PSEA, under the Ministry of Education in January 2019.
The Government appoints Child Development Account (CDA) banks through an open tender process. We considered and evaluated the proposals from the bidders carefully, before a decision was made. It is unfortunate that Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) was not re-appointed. However, we are assured that the three CDA banks appointed are able to manage the CDAs well and meet the needs of the CDA trustees and their children.
Approved Institutions can use direct debit (GIRO) or Baby Bonus NETS Service to deduct money from the Child Development Account (CDA).
You need to be an Approved Institution (AI) to apply for the Baby Bonus NETS service. You will not be charged any additional service fee for the Baby Bonus NETS service. There is no change to your existing transaction charges and terminal subscription fees.
Approved Institutions (AI) that need to enable the Baby Bonus NETS service on their NETS terminal must submit the NETS Service Application Form with their Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA) Registration Number, and a copy of the 'MSF Letter of Approval' to: NETS Sales & Customer Service Contact Centre 298 Tiong Bahru Road #02-01 Central Plaza Singapore 168730 You can obtain the NETS Service Application Form from the Approved Institution Portal.  The form can be found at the bottom of the webpage. MSF will send the Letter of Approval to the Approved Institution within 3 weeks from acceptance of Terms and Conditions.
The CDA banks, which are DBS/POSB, OCBC, and UOB, will issue a Baby Bonus NETS card to parents. To see the Baby Bonus Card designs, please visit Baby Bonus Online and select ‘Useful Links’ located on the bottom of the webpage. The front of the card is printed with: 'Baby Bonus'; The child's name and birth certificate number; and The bank's logo. The back of the card is printed with: The Ministry of Social and Family Development's (MSF's) logo 'Accepted at MSF Approved Institutions only' or 'This card is accepted at MSF Approved Institutions only'. 'NETS' logo may appear on the front or the back of the card.
Approved Institution (AI) can use GIRO to collect fees from the Child Development Account (CDA) by following these steps: CDA Trustee1 must authorise the AI to deduct fees from the child’s Child Development Account (CDA) by filling up Part 1 of GIRO application form of the respective CDA bank. AI completes the relevant part of the CDA Bank's GIRO application form. AI sends the completed GIRO application form to the CDA Bank. CDA Bank processes the GIRO form and returns rejected forms2 (if any) to the AI. AI sends collection instructions to the AI’s corporate bank once GIRO forms are accepted by the CDA bank. AI’s corporate bank informs the AI whether the GIRO deductions are successful or rejected.   For more information on GIRO processes, please contact your respective banks’ contact centres. Note:   The CDA trustee is either the parent or a person nominated by the child's parents as declared to MSF. AI must re-submit the GIRO forms with correct details if rejected by CDA bank. AI should update parents with the status of the GIRO application   AI should inform parent when the CDA deductions will be made.
Parents can use the funds in the Child Development Account (CDA) for the other siblings of the child.
The Child Development Account, or CDA, is meant to be used by the child and his or her siblings only.
There is no age limit for the child's siblings to use the Child Development Account (CDA) funds.
The Baby Bonus cash gift or matching contribution may be pro-rated if the child was not a Singapore citizen at birth, and both parents were not Singapore citizens at the time of his or her birth.
MSF will disburse the Baby Bonus cash gift according to the cash gift payment schedule for your child. You can log on to Baby Bonus Online to check your child’s cash gift payment schedule details by selecting the “Update Application/Check Status” followed by “View Statement” at “Family View”.
Children born on or after 24 March 2016 will receive the CDA First Step of $3,000 in the Child Development Account (CDA), without the need for parents to save first. Parents can continue to save in the child’s CDA to receive dollar-for-dollar Government matching contribution of up to $3,000, $9,000 or $15,000 depending on the child’s birth order. Children born before 24 March 2016 will receive Government matching contribution of up to $6,000, $12,000 or $18,000 depending on the child’s birth order.
Baby Bonus Office Family@Enabling Village 20 Lengkok Bahru, #04-02 Singapore 159053. Office Hours: 8.30am to 5.30pm, Monday to Thursday. 8.30am to 5 pm, Friday. Bus Services: 139 (from Toa Payoh Interchange; alight at Lengkok Bahru Bus Stop B10431 or B10439) 63 (from Eunos Interchange; alight at Redhill Road Blk 72 Bus Stop B10459) 32; 33; 64; 120; 132; 145 (Bus stop at Redhill MRT Station). Nearest MRT Station: Redhill MRT Station
Parents have to agree whose bank account will receive the Baby Bonus cash gift, and who will manage the Child Development Account (CDA). The CDA trustee is often the person with care and control of the child. If there is a court order indicating which parent has the care and control of the child, please send a copy of the court order to msf_babybonus@msf.gov.sg so that we can update our records.
If your child is a Singapore Citizen at birth, we will receive your child’s birth details 3 working days after birth registration. Parents have to agree whose bank account will receive the Baby Bonus cash gift, and who will manage the Child Development Account before submitting the application. To join Baby Bonus Scheme, you need to have a local bank account to receive the cash gift. When completing the online form, please provide the bank account holder’s personal particulars and bank account details.
It is not compulsory to do a pre-birth registration. If you have done a pre-birth registration to join Baby Bonus Scheme, your child will automatically join the Scheme within 3 to 5 working days upon birth registration.
You may do a pre-birth registration for the Baby Bonus Scheme on Baby Bonus Online as early as 8 weeks and up to 2 weeks before your child’s estimated delivery date if: Your marriage was registered in Singapore, There was no change in either parents' identification numbers on the marriage certificates, and The child will be born in Singapore. If these criteria are met, we will deposit the cash gift within 7 to 10 working days and open a Child Development Account (CDA) for the child after your child is enrolled in the scheme.
You will not be able to do a pre-birth registration for Baby Bonus for your adopted child. You must complete the adoption process and obtain Singapore Citizenship for the child, if necessary, before joining the scheme. Please complete Section D for adoption in the online application form and provide the following documents when you are submitting your application:  Child's Adoption Order and The Schedule Birth certificates of all children Citizenship Certificates of all children, if applicable Marriage Certificate Copies of both parents’ NRICs – front and back – or foreign passport if applicable
If you do not know the Estimated Date of Delivery, or EDD of your child, and wish to register for Baby Bonus first, you may proceed to key in a date when doing the pre-birth registration on Baby Bonus Online.  However, please note that the birth registration of your child has to be done within 8 weeks from the EDD you have indicated. The system will only retain your child's pre-birth registration details for 8 weeks from the EDD you have indicated. A fresh application has to be submitted after 8 weeks.   Once you have registered your child's birth, your child will join the scheme automatically.
You can only join the Baby Bonus scheme through Baby Bonus Online. We have stopped accepting hardcopy forms since 13 July 2015.
Either parent can update the pre-birth registration details to change the bank account holder or trustee. You may wish to discuss the matter with your spouse, as both parents have to agree on the cash gift bank account holder and the CDA trustee, before making the change on Baby Bonus Online. The terms and conditions are spelt out in the Baby Bonus Online declaration clauses as well as the terms and conditions governing the cash gift.
If you need help to join the Baby Bonus Scheme, you may go to: the Baby Bonus One-stop Centres at the Immigration & Checkpoints Authority of Singapore (ICA) and maternity hospitals* after your child's birth registration.  Citizen Connect Centres (CCCs) at Community Centres#, or MSF Baby Bonus & Leave Branch at 20 Lengkok Bahru, #04-02, Family@Enabling Village Singapore 159053 *Note: Gleneagles Hospital, KK Women's and Children's Hospital, Mount Alvernia Hospital, Mount Elizabeth Hospital, Mount Elizabeth Novena Hospital, National University Hospital, Parkway East Hospital, Raffles Hospital, Singapore General Hospital, Thomson Medical Centre. #List of community centres with CCCs can be found here.
After submitting Baby Bonus Application online, you may view your child's eligibility to join the Baby Bonus Scheme. You can expect to receive the cash gift and open a Child Development Account within 7 to 10 working days after the child joins the scheme.
To check the status of your Baby Bonus application, please log in to Baby Bonus Online using your SingPass, and use the “Update Application/Check Status” on the home page.
To change the bank account holder or Child Development Account (CDA) trustee, you may wish to discuss the matter with your spouse. Parents have to jointly agree on the cash gift bank account holder and CDA trustee, before submitting the Baby Bonus application online. These terms and conditions are stated in the Baby Bonus Online declaration clauses as well as the terms and conditions governing the cash gift.  At present, only the existing bank account holder or CDA trustee can request for a change. MSF will not be able to accede to your request otherwise. What if my spouse does not agree to my request? At present, only the existing bank account holder or CDA trustee can request for a change. MSF will not be able to accede to your request otherwise. What if my spouse is not contactable? Goes to MQA At present, only the existing bank account holder or CDA trustee can request for a change. MSF will not be able to accede to your request otherwise.
If you are the applicant and the nominated CDA trustee, the child’s CDA will be automatically opened within 3 working days after he or she joins the scheme. If you are the applicant and have nominated your spouse as the CDA trustee, your spouse needs to login to Baby Bonus Online with his or her SingPass to accept the CDA Terms and Conditions.  The CDA will then be automatically opened 3 working days later. If your child's CDA trustee is a foreigner or a third party, we will send a letter of authorisation to the trustee to open a CDA at the bank. The CDA Trustee must produce: The original authorisation letter his or her NRIC or passport a copy of the child's Birth Certificate or Certificate of Singapore Citizenship (which ever is applicable).
For Baby Bonus pre-birth registrations, the Immigrations and Checkpoints Authority of Singapore (ICA) will update MSF with your child’s details within 3 working days after you have registered the birth of your child. Therefore, you need not provide any information to MSF.
Parents who need assistance to join Baby Bonus online or perform other related e-services may go to the Citizen Connect Centres, the Immigration & Checkpoints Authority and the following maternity hospitals: Gleneagles Hospital KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital Mount Alvernia Hospital Mount Elizabeth Hospital Mount Elizabeth Novena Hospital National University Hospital Parkway East Hospital Raffles Hospital Singapore General Hospital Thomson Medical Centre
Child Development Account or CDA notifications are sent via the bank’s website. To check these notifications, you may wish to contact your CDA bank directly.
Your Baby Bonus application could be unsuccessful if: any information you have keyed in is incorrect or does not match the records in our database, or you completed the wrong section  To help us answer your question, please select one of the following: My child is unborn   Goes to MQA Why is my application unsuccessful? - My child is unborn My child is a Singaporean at birth   Goes to MQA Why is my application unsuccessful? - My child is a Singaporean at birth My child was not a Singaporean at birth but has obtained Singapore Citizenship    Goes to MQA Why is my application unsuccessful? - My child was not a Singaporean at birth but has obtained Singapore Citizenship My child was adopted   Goes to MQA Why is my application unsuccessful? - My child was adopted and has obtained Singapore Citizenship
Baby Bonus applications cannot be cancelled after they are submitted online.
This may be because we have not received your child’s birth details. Pre-Birth registration allows parents to apply for the Baby Bonus Scheme between 2 to 8 weeks before the Estimated Delivery date (EDD). After you have registered the birth of your child, the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority of Singapore (ICA) will update us with your child's birth details. If your child is eligible, he or she will be enrolled in the scheme within 3 to 5 working days. If your child is born and you have registered your child’s birth with ICA, but your application status remains unchanged, you can write to us at msf_babybonus@msf.gov.sg for assistance.
If you have applied for the Baby Bonus Scheme and wish to open a Child Development Account, please select one of the following options:  You (applicant) are the nominated CDA Trustee Goes to MQA ”I have applied for the Baby Bonus Scheme. How can I open the Child Development Account (CDA) for my child? - You (applicant) are the Nominated CDA Trustee” You (applicant) have nominated your spouse to be the CDA Trustee Goes to MQA “I have applied for the Baby Bonus Scheme. How can I open the Child Development Account (CDA) for my child? - You (applicant) nominated your spouse as CDA Trustee” The CDA Trustee is a foreigner or third party Goes to MQA “I have applied for the Baby Bonus Scheme. How can I open the Child Development Account (CDA) for my child? - CDA Trustee is a foreigner or third party
Every eligible child can hold one Child Development Account (CDA) each.  To check if your child is eligible for Baby Bonus and his or her benefits, you can use “Check Eligibility” on Baby Bonus Online.
The Child Development Account, or CDA, is part of the Baby Bonus Scheme, which aims to help families defray the costs of raising children, and encourage parents to save for their children's developmental and healthcare needs. When you save in the CDA, the Government matches dollar-for-dollar up to a cap. Your child’s eligibility for the Government matching depends on his/her birth order and date of birth. The Government matching contribution will be credited into the CDA within 2 weeks of your deposit. Funds in the CDA can only be used for approved expenses at Approved Institutions and cannot be withdrawn in cash. You can check your child's eligibility and Baby Bonus Benefits on Baby Bonus Online using "Check Eligibility".
To open a Child Development Account, or CDA, the majority of Singaporean CDA trustees do not need to make a trip to the CDA bank, as we can verify their particulars with our records.   However, the CDA banks require foreigners or third-party CDA trustees to make a trip to the bank so that the bank could verify the trustees’ particulars.
We will send the authorisation letter for the Child Development Account or CDA to your official address, which is maintained by the Ministry of Home Affairs. If there is a change in your address, please update your details at the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority, National Registration Office, or any neighbourhood Police Post or Police Centre within 28 days so that we can be updated.
You do not need to make any minimum deposit to open a Child Development Account or CDA. Also, you do not need to maintain a minimum balance at any point in time after you have opened the CDA. There will be no bank charges even if there is no money in the CDA.  You can make a deposit into your child’s CDA until 31 December of the year that your child turns 12 years old. You may receive Government dollar-for-dollar matching contributions within 2 weeks from your deposit on the amount saved, up to your child’s eligible Government matching cap.
There is no minimum age required for the cash gift Bank Account Holder because the child’s parents would provide MSF with the instructions on which bank account to deposit the cash gift. However, to open a Child Development Account or CDA, an age limit is required because the CDA trustee has to exercise responsibilities such as authorising Approved Institutions to deduct funds from the account.  This requirement is also in line with banks' policy to meet a minimum age requirements to open a bank account.
The Child Development Account trustee, or CDA trustee, will receive an email from MSF to accept the terms and conditions of the selected CDA bank. He or she will need to complete this process before the CDA can be opened. If the CDA trustee is a foreigner or a third-party, he or she will receive an Authorisation Letter to bring to the bank and complete the process of opening a CDA.
Please email a copy of the Court order of the care and control of your child to us at msf_babybonus@msf.gov.sg. You will receive a form to complete. After processing the request form, we will notify you to accept the terms and conditions of the Child Development Account bank, or CDA bank, online via SMS/Email. Please note that if the trustee of the CDA is a foreigner or a third-party, he or she will receive a letter for change of CDA trustee to inform the CDA bank before the expiry date indicated in the letter.
You cannot open a Child Development Account (CDA) directly with the bank. If your child has not joined the Baby Bonus Scheme, you can submit an application on Baby Bonus Online. You can also check your child’s eligibility for the Baby Bonus Benefits using “Check Eligibility”. If your child has already joined the Baby Bonus scheme, you can submit a request to open a CDA, using ‘View/Update My Baby Bonus Details’ on the Baby Bonus Online.
MSF does not charge a fee for change of CDA bank. However, there may be bank charges or penalties such as early termination of fixed or time deposit accounts using CDA funds.  You will need to bear the penalties or charges as these cannot be deducted from the CDA. Please contact your CDA bank for more information.
We understand that there may be some conditions tied to the benefits given by the bank pertaining to the Child Development Account or CDA. As these promotions are offered by the respective CDA banks, you may wish to approach the bank directly.
The Government matching contributions and the usage of the Child Development Account or CDA are the same across banks. When choosing your CDA bank, you should read through and be comfortable with the bank's terms and benefits. As their terms and benefits may change from time to time, please contact the banks to find out more.
If you, as the CDA trustee, have changed your name, or you have changed your child’s name, and wish to update us, please email a copy of the Deed Poll or Certificate of Extract from the Registry of Births to MSF_Babybonus@msf.gov.sg.   You should also update the CDA bank separately by bringing the original Deed Poll or Certificate of Extract from the Registry of Births to the bank branch.
The Child Development Account (CDA) will be closed on the 31 December of the year your child turns 12 years old. Funds in the CDA will automatically be transferred to your child’s Post-Secondary Education Account (PSEA) under the Ministry of Education, subject to the cap applicable to your child.   You may continue to save in the PSEA until your child is 18 years old and receive the remaining dollar-for-dollar Government matching if you have not saved up to the CDA cap. For more information on PSEA, please visit the Ministry of Education's website.
You may contact the Child Development Account (CDA) banks at: DBS Bank Tel: 1800 339 6666 Website: www.dbs.com.sg. OCBC Bank Tel: 1800 438 6088 Website: www.ocbc.com/babybonus. UOB Tel: 1800 222 2121 Website: www.uob.com.sg. Baby Bonus NETS Service Network for Electronic Transfers (Singapore) Pte Ltd (NETS). Sales & Customer Service Centre Tel: 6274 1212 (Monday till Saturday: 9.00am-7.00pm, Sunday & Public Holidays: 10.00am-7.00pm) Website: www.nets.com.sg.
You can log in to Baby Bonus Online to join the scheme and accept the Terms and Conditions of the selected CDA bank (DBS, OCBC or UOB) online. If your child has already joined the scheme but has not opened the CDA, you should use the “Services login” on the BBO homepage, and select “Opening of CDA” service to open the CDA and accept the Terms and Conditions of the selected CDA bank. The CDA will then be automatically opened within 3 working days after the CDA trustee accepts the Terms and Conditions of the selected CDA bank online. Note: If the CDA trustee is a foreigner or a third party CDA trustee, we will send the trustee an authorisation letter to open the CDA at any CDA bank branch. The trustee must produce:  the original authorisation letter trustee’s NRIC or passport a copy of the child’s birth certificate or certificate of Singapore citizenship (whichever is applicable).
You can log in to Baby Bonus Online and your spouse (CDA trustee) will need to login with his/her Singpass via “Services Login” to accept the Terms and Conditions of the selected CDA bank online. The CDA will then be automatically opened within 3 working days after the CDA trustee accepts the Terms and Conditions of the selected CDA bank online. Note: If the CDA trustee is a foreigner or a third party CDA trustee, we will send the trustee an authorisation letter to open the CDA at any CDA bank branch. The trustee must produce:  the original authorisation letter trustee’s NRIC or passport a copy of the child’s birth certificate or certificate of Singapore citizenship (whichever is applicable).
To find out how to open a Child Development Account, please select one of the following: You (applicant) are the nominated CDA Trustee Goes to MQA ”I have applied for the Baby Bonus Scheme. How can I open the Child Development Account (CDA) for my child? - You (applicant) are the Nominated CDA Trustee” You (applicant) have nominated your spouse to be the CDA Trustee Goes to MQA “I have applied for the Baby Bonus Scheme. How can I open the Child Development Account (CDA) for my child? - You (applicant) nominated your spouse as CDA Trustee” The CDA Trustee is a foreigner or third party Goes to MQA “I have applied for the Baby Bonus Scheme. How can I open the Child Development Account (CDA) for my child? - CDA Trustee is a foreigner or third party
You cannot close the Child Development Account (CDA) on your own. It will automatically be closed on the 31 December of the year your child turns 12 years old. Any unused balance in the CDA will be transferred to the child’s Post-Secondary Education Account or PSEA, subject to the cap applicable to your child. You may continue to save in the PSEA until your child turns 18 years old and receive the remaining dollar-for-dollar Government matching if you have not saved up to the CDA cap. For more information on PSEA, please visit the Ministry of Education's website.
The Child Development Account (CDA) card is pre-activated by the respective Managing Agents, which are POSB/DBS, UOB or OCBC. No action is required from you.
You cannot transfer your child's CDA balance to another child's CDA. The Child Development Account, or CDA, will be closed on the 31 December of the year your child turns 12 years old. Any unused balance in the CDA will be transferred to the child's Post-Secondary Education Account or PSEA, subject to the cap applicable to your child. From now until the time when the CDA is closed, you can use the savings in the CDA to pay for approved educational and healthcare expenses of your child and his or her siblings at the Baby Bonus Approved Institutions.
If you wish to withdraw the money that you have wrongly deposited into the Child Development Account (CDA), please email your request to us using this online form, stating the reason and your child’s details. Please enter ‘CDA withdrawals’ in the Subject field and key in your details.
You can open a CDA before your child turns 12 years old.
You may just open a CDA with the selected CDA bank.  You can check with the bank directly for any other bank accounts for the child.
To check the Child Development Account (CDA) bank account number which the Government matching is deposited into, please log in to ‘View/Update My Baby Bonus Details’ on the Baby Bonus Online portal, select ‘Family View’, followed by ‘View Statement’.
As part of the Baby Bonus application process, you will be asked to select a Child Development Account, or CDA bank. The CDA will be opened automatically within 3 working days upon the acceptance of the bank’s Terms and Conditions. You will be able to submit a request online to change the CDA bank or CDA trustee even after the child is enrolled.
The Child Development Account (CDA) trustee, can be either a parent or a third party nominated by the child’s parents as declared to MSF. Both parents must agree to the nomination. The CDA trustee’s responsibility is to ensure the proper usage of CDA funds for the benefit of the child. The CDA trustee must not be bankrupt, and must be above 18 years of age.
A CDA Trustee can be either the parent or a person nominated by the child’s parents.  Both parents must agree to the nomination.  He or She cannot be a bankrupt and must be above 18 years of age. The CDA trustee’s responsibility is to ensure the proper usage of CDA funds, for the benefit of the child.
Please approach your respective Child Development Account (CDA) bank if you would like to apply for internet banking.
MSF had appointed three banks as managing agents (MAs) for CDAs since July 2015. They are DBS Bank Limited (DBS), United Overseas Bank (UOB) and Overseas-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (OCBC), which is an existing MA. Standard Chartered Bank (SCB) will cease to provide CDA services by 31 December 2018. You should transfer your child’s CDA from SCB to POSB/DBS, OCBC or UOB banks, any time before 31 October 2018.
The Child Development Account (CDA) banks will update MSF with your deposit information on a weekly basis. You should be able to view your CDA savings by the following Tuesday on the Baby Bonus Online portal. Alternatively, you can use your bank’s internet banking services to check your savings in the CDA.
You can now check your child's dollar-for-dollar Government matching and the remaining Child Development Account cap online. Please visit the Baby Bonus Online portal, log in to “View/Update My Baby Bonus Details”, followed by “Family View”, and select 'View Statement'. If it is your first log in, please update your profile to view more details.
You can submit request to change CDA Trustee by following these steps:- login via “Services Login” (www.babybonus.msf.gov.sg/parent) click ‘Request to Change CDA Trustee’ complete form and click ‘Submit’ If you do not see the “Request to Change CDA Trustee” option, or if you do not have access, please email MSF_Babybonus@msf.gov.sg with a copy of the death certificate and child’s details.
Here is the link to the application form for interbank GIRO for Child Development Account.
To be in line with rules for use of Medisave for healthcare insurance, CDA can only be used to defray the premiums for Medisave-approved Integrated Shield Plans, and not for riders. Riders are not part of Integrated Shield Plans, and do not meet the Ministry of Health’s requirements to be Medisave-payable, which are to have a minimum deductible and minimum 10% co-insurance. These requirements are to help keep premiums affordable and to encourage prudent use of healthcare services.
If you are presently the primary caregiver for your child but your spouse is currently the CDA trustee and/or bank account holder, and you are unable to contact him/her to request for a change, you may write in to us using this form. Simply enter “CDA Trustee / Cash Gift Bank account holder” in the Subject field and key in your details. We will advise you on the next steps once we receive your request.
A CDA trustee is the person nominated to manage the funds in a child’s Child Development Account or CDA. He or she has to be above 18 years of age and not a bankrupt. Typically, the CDA trustee is either of the child’s parents. On the other hand, the Bank Account Holder is the person nominated to receive the Baby Bonus cash gift. There is no age requirement to be a Bank Account Holder. Typically, the Bank Account Holder is either of the child’s parents. The CDA Trustee and Bank Account Holder can be different persons. Applicants can nominate themselves as the CDA trustee, or Bank Account Holder, or both. Both parents will have to agree on the nominations before submitting the application online. The terms and conditions are spelt out in the Baby Bonus Online declaration clauses, as well as the terms and conditions governing the cash gift.
You do not need to change CDA trustee as the CDA will be closed on 31 December this year. The remaining funds will be transferred to your child’s Post-Secondary Education Account or PSEA administered by the Ministry of Education (MOE). MOE will inform you once the CDA balance has been transferred to the PSEA. MOE will also send annual statements to parents to keep you informed of the PSEA balance.
If there are unused funds in the Child Development Account (CDA) at the end of the year your turns 12 years old, the funds will be automatically transferred to your child’s Post-Secondary Education Account or PSEA, subject to the cap applicable to your child. The cap is based on the sum of the CDA Government contributions cap, the corresponding deposits made by parents or third parties, any Child Development Credit and any accrued interest. If there is any excess balance above this cap, MSF will notify the CDA trustee about the refund arrangement.
If there is excess CDA balance to be returned, it will be credited to the bank account as nominated by the CDA trustee in the year the child turns 13 years old. In the interest of the child, you may wish to discuss with the third party CDA trustee on the bank account to receive the refund.
The funds in the PSEA can be used by your child and his/her sibling for post-secondary education at the locally based ITE, polytechnics and universities.  For more information on how to use the PSEA, you may wish to visit Ministry of Education's website.
You can access the services on Baby Bonus Online with your SingPass if you are the parent of the child. You can: Find out about the Baby Bonus Scheme Check if your child qualifies for the Baby Bonus Scheme Register or pre-register your child for the Baby Bonus Scheme View your application status for the Baby Bonus Scheme View the cash gift payment and Government matching contribution made to your child Change the bank account holder and bank account number Open a Child Development Account (CDA) and change CDA bank Find out about participating Approved Institutions and how you can use your child's CDA to pay for his or her educational and healthcare needs Read frequently asked questions and latest updates on the Baby Bonus Scheme
You can download a copy of the Baby Bonus booklet from Baby Bonus Online.
To view the payment details of Baby Bonus Cash gifts, you can 1. Log in to Baby Bonus Online 2. go to Services, 3. select 'View Account Summary' to check the amount of cash gift you have received and any remaining payment(s). You will also be informed of the scheduled cash gift payment via email or SMS if you have given us your contact details. You can update your contact details using the "Update User Profile".
To change the Bank Account to receive Baby Bonus Cash gift(s), only the current bank account holder can do so by following these steps:   1) Login to Baby Bonus Online using SingPass  2) Select "Request to change Bank Account Number" under “View/Update details”.   For prompt payment, please submit your request at least 10 working days before the next scheduled payment date.
If you have submitted an online request to change the bank account to receive your Baby Bonus Cash gift, please log in to Baby Bonus Online with your SingPass, go to "View Services Applications Status" under Services, to check if the change has been made.
To change the Child Development Account (CDA) trustee, the current trustee must log in with his or her SingPass and use the 'Change CDA Trustee' option found in ‘View/Update My Baby Bonus Details’ on the Baby Bonus Online. You also check the status of your request by selecting 'Services Status' The bank will be updated within 2 weeks after the new CDA trustee has accepted the terms and conditions. If the new trustee does not accept the terms and conditions within 28 days, you have to go online to submit another request. If the CDA trustees are not Singapore Citizens or the CDA trustees are unable to submit a request online, the CDA trustees or requestors must submit a request for change of CDA bank using this form. Simply enter “CDA trustee or Cash Gift Bank account holder” in the ‘Subject field and key in your details. A form will be sent to the CDA trustee and his or her spouse to complete. We will send a SMS or email link to the newly nominated CDA trustee to accept the terms and conditions of the CDA bank. If the new CDA trustee is a foreigner or a third-party, they will receive a letter for change of CDA Trustee from MSF that allows them to update the bank.
You will need to change the Child Development Account trustee, or CDA trustee, if: the trustee is bankrupt; or the trustee that is the parent of the child, does not have either the custody, care and control; or the care and control of the child for divorce cases; or the trustee has passed away. You can submit request to change CDA Trustee by following these steps: Step 1: Visit the Baby Bonus Online Portal. Step 2: Select ‘View/Update my Baby Bonus Details’. Step 3: Log in using your SingPass. Step 4: Select ‘Request to Change CDA Trustee’  Step 5: Complete the form and submit   If the CDA trustee is a bankrupt, or no longer has the care and control of the child after a divorce, he or she can submit a request online. The new CDA trustee would need to complete the acceptance of the CDA bank’s terms and conditions for the change to take place. Alternatively, the child's parent who has been given the custody, care and control of the child could email a copy of the court order to msf_babybonus@msf.gov.sg.  If the CDA trustee has passed away and you do not see the “Request to Change CDA Trustee” option, or if you do not have access, please email msf_babybonus@msf.gov.sg with a copy of the death certificate of the CDA Trustee and your child’s details.
You will receive an acknowledgement if your request for a change of the Child Development Account trustee, or CDA trustee, is successful. You can also log in to the Baby Bonus Online portal with your SingPass to check the status of your request by selecting ‘View/Update My Baby Bonus Details’, followed by Services Status'. The newly appointed CDA trustee needs to accept the terms and conditions of the CDA bank online, within 28 days. The bank will be updated within 2 weeks upon acceptance. If the new trustee does not accept the terms and conditions within 28 days, the option will expire and the CDA Trustee will have to submit a new request. If the new trustee is a foreigner or a third-party, he or she will receive a letter for change of CDA trustee. The new trustee must inform the CDA bank of the change with the letter before the expiry date indicated in the letter.
To change the Child Development Account (CDA) bank, the CDA trustee must log on to the Baby Bonus Online portal, select ‘View/Update My Baby Bonus Details’, followed by 'Request to Change CDA Bank'. The new CDA will be opened within 3 working days and the funds will be transferred to the new account within 3 weeks. If you have GIRO arrangements in your existing CDA, you can update your Approved Institution (AI) of the new CDA number by completing a new 'Application for Interbank GIRO for Child Development Account (CDA)' form and submit it to your AI.  Please ensure that there are sufficient funds in the new CDA while the funds are being transferred.
We are unable to cancel your request to change the Child Development Account (CDA) bank, as such requests are sent directly to the banks. The process of opening a new CDA, closing the old CDA, and transfer of funds to the new CDA bank will take around 3 weeks to complete. If you wish to remain with the original CDA bank, please submit a new request to change CDA bank after 3 weeks. A new account number will be given to you when your original CDA bank receives your request to open a CDA. If you are using the CDA for fees payment through GIRO, you have to set up a new GIRO arrangement with the Approved Institution using the new account number given by your original CDA bank.
Once you have submitted your request to change your Child Development Account (CDA) bank, your existing GIRO arrangements and ATM card will be terminated within 2 weeks. If you have GIRO arrangements in your existing CDA, you need to update your Approved Institution (AI) of the new CDA number by completing the form 'Application for Interbank GIRO for Child Development Account (CDA)' and submit it to your AI. Please ensure that there are sufficient funds in the new CDA while the funds are being transferred.
To transfer your GIRO arrangements to a new Child Development Account (CDA), you will have to:  Update your Approved Institution (AI) of the new CDA number by submitting a new application form for interbank GIRO for CDA. The form can be found on the Baby Bonus Online homepage.   Ensure that there are sufficient funds in the new CDA in the interim period while the funds are being transferred. The funds transfer will be done within 3 weeks.
If you would like to check the status of your request for a change of Child Development Account (CDA) bank, you may go to ‘Update Application/Check Status’ on the Baby Bonus Online portal, log in with your SingPass and select 'View Services Applications Status'. The bank will also write to you after the CDA is opened. You may contact the CDA Banks at: DBS Bank Tel: 1800 339 6666 Website: www.dbs.com.sg .OCBC Bank Tel: 1800 438 6088 Website: www.ocbc.com/babybonus. UOB Tel: 1800 222 2121 Website: www.uob.com.sg. Baby Bonus NETS Service. Network for Electronic Transfers (Singapore) Pte Ltd (NETS) Sales & Customer Service Centre Tel: 6274 1212 (Monday till Saturday: 9.00am-7.00pm, Sunday & Public Holidays: 10.00am-7.00pm)Website: www.nets.com.sg,
There is no limit to how much you can save into the CDA.  When you save in the CDA, the Government will match dollar-for-dollar up to your child’s eligible Government contributions cap. For example, if you deposit $10 into the CDA, the Government will match $10 within 2 weeks after your deposit. You can use Check Eligibility on Baby Bonus Online to find out your child’s CDA contributions cap.
You can view the transactions made in your Child Development Account or CDA in the monthly statement sent by your CDA bank, or through Internet Banking. You may also go to 'View Statement Summary' on the Baby Bonus Online, log in using your SingPass, and select 'View Statement ' to view the CDA payment details and “Remaining Cap Amount”.
The CDA will be closed on 31 December in the year your child turns 12 years old, and the balance will be automatically transferred to the PSEA. If the child was born between 2006 and 2012, the Child Development Account trustee or the CDA trustee, may transfer the CDA funds to the child’s Post-Secondary Education Account or PSEA before the child turns 12 years old. The CDA trustee may make the request for transfer any time after 31 December in the year the child turns 6 years old. To submit your request for transfer, please go to ‘View/Update My Baby Bonus Details' on the Baby Bonus Online portal, log in with your SingPass, and select 'Transfer of CDA Savings to PSEA'.
The processing time to change the Child Development Account (CDA) bank is about 3 weeks.
I am sorry. The Baby Bonus kit is not available in Chinese, Malay or Tamil language.
The CDA Trustee can log on to Baby Bonus Online to submit your request to change CDA bank.
To view the Baby Bonus Benefits for your child, you can login to Baby Bonus Online, select “View/Update My Baby Bonus Details”, followed by 'View Statement.
You can update your contact details on Baby Bonus Online by selecting “View/Update My Baby Bonus Details” followed by “Profile”.
To check remaining dollar-for-dollar Government matching in your child’s Child Development Account or CDA, please go to 'View/Update My Baby Bonus Details' on the Baby Bonus Online, log in with your SingPass and select ‘Family View’, followed by ‘View Statement’. On this page, you will see the: Cash Gift payment schedule, if applicable; “Remaining Cap Amount” to find out how much more you can save to receive the dollar-for-dollar Government matching; and CDA expiry date.
Baby Bonus Parenting Resources support parents-to-be and parents, in raising their child through the provision of credible parenting information and skills. The resources include articles, videos, tips and activities, which will reassure and equip parents with the information to parent confidently. The tips and activities provided also suggest ways that parents can engage and develop their growing child.
In today’s digital age, the Government aims to provide more support to parents, especially first-time parents, on their parenting journey by making credible parenting information easily accessible online. With countless parenting resources and information platforms online, Baby Bonus Parenting Resources hopes to provide a reliable source of information on parenting that parents can trust.
The Baby Bonus Parenting Resources contain localised and research-backed content for families with young children living in Singapore. It is a comprehensive resource that provides information for the holistic development of children aged 0 to 6.
Information from the parenting resources is sourced from research and studies conducted by practicing experts from various disciplines involved in raising children. Baby Bonus Parenting Resources worked with local and international partners such as the Early Childhood Development Agency, Health Promotion Board, National Library Board, National University of Singapore, Australia’s Parenting Research Centre and US-based Vroom to develop and consolidate relevant parenting resources for the convenience and ease of parents.
You will receive the Government matching within 2 weeks after saving into the Child Development Account (CDA). To check your child's CDA payments and “Remaining Cap Amount”, you can go to "View/Update My Baby Bonus Details" on the Baby Bonus Online, log in using your SingPass, and select 'View Statement”. You can also view your CDA transactions on the monthly statement sent by your CDA bank, or Internet Banking.
You can save in the Child Development Account or CDA by depositing cash, cheque or Standing Order. You may also make funds transfers to the CDA at the local ATMs, through phone banking or internet banking.
You are advised to verify your Child Development Account (CDA) transactions in the monthly bank statements from the CDA banks against the proof of payment or receipts from the Approved Institutions. This is to ensure that the CDA transactions are valid and accurate. If you are unsure about the CDA transactions, you should check with the Approved Institution. If you notice any unauthorised withdrawal from the CDA, please write to us using this form. Simply enter ‘CDA withdrawals’ in the Subject field and key in your details.
Anyone can save into a Child Development Account (CDA). All savings made into the CDA will be eligible to receive Government matching, up to the child’s eligible matching cap. However, only the CDA trustee can authorise deductions from the CDA for approved uses. The Government matching contribution will be deposited into the CDA within 2 weeks after you have saved into the CDA. The CDA trustee can check the amount received by selecting ‘View Account Summary’ under ‘View/Update My Baby Bonus Details’ on the Baby Bonus Online portal.
You can start saving in the Child Development Account or CDA once you receive the bank’s letter with the account details and Baby Bonus card.
When you save in the Child Development Account, or CDA, the Government matches dollar-for-dollar up to a cap. Your child’s eligibility for the Government matching depends on the child's birth order and date of birth. For example, if you deposit $10 into the CDA, the Government will match $10 within 2 weeks after your deposit into your child's CDA.  You can use Check Eligibility on Baby Bonus Online to find out your child’s CDA contributions cap.
The default mode of communication for Baby Bonus matters will either be through email, or SMS if you have provided us with a local mobile number. However, we may still send letters to your local or overseas official address for important Baby Bonus announcements. If there is a change in your address, please update your address at the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority, the National Registration Office, or any neighbourhood Police Post or Police Centre. We will receive your updated address automatically.
If there is a change in your address, please update your address at the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority, the National Registration Office, or any neighbourhood Police Post or Police Centre. We will receive your updated address automatically. If you are a foreigner and would like us to update your address, please email your supporting document, such as a phone or a utility bill printed with your name and new address to, msf_babybonus@msf.gov.sg. Please also inform the Child Development Account (CDA) bank separately to update your address.
We are unable to amend your identification number in our records as it is based on the information on your child's birth certificate. If your identification number in your child’s birth certificate was a foreign passport number, and you have obtained your Singapore NRIC (S/Pink or S/Blue) later, we will not be able to amend your details in our records.
You can use the funds in the Child Development Account (CDA) at: a) Approved Institutions (AIs) registered with MSF under the Baby Bonus Scheme. Please visit the Baby Bonus Online portal for the list of AIs.  Child Care Centres, kindergartens and special education schools Providers of early intervention programmes Providers of assistive technology device Hospitals, clinics and other healthcare institutions Pharmacies Optical shops b) For medical insurance – Medisave-approved private integrated plans.
You can use the Baby Bonus NETS Card issued by the bank to make NETS payments to Approved Institutions (AI). You can find information on the approved education and healthcare expenses on Baby Bonus Online. For payments by interbank GIRO, you need to fill up an authorisation form and submit it to your AI. Please approach your AI for details on the GIRO arrangements.
You can pay for deposits and registration fees for a child care centre or kindergarten using funds in the Child Development Account (CDA) by NETS or GIRO, if the child care centre or kindergarten is a Baby Bonus Approved Institution. Most centres and kindergartens collect such fees by GIRO unless they have also subscribed to Baby Bonus NETS services. Since GIRO applications may take up to six weeks to process, you may be asked by the child care centre or kindergarten to pay in cash to secure a place for the child. Please find out from the Approved Institutions on their registration policy and payment modes before registration.
Cash payments collected by Approved Institutions from parents should be refunded in cash, as any deposits made by the Approved Institutions in the Child Development Account will not be matched by the Government.
Funds in the Child Development Account (CDA) are intended to support the developmental needs of children and are strictly to be used for the approved expenses only. Enrichment and optional programmes do not fall under the CDA’s approved expenses.
You can identify an Approved Institution by the Baby Bonus sticker displayed at its premises. You can also obtain the list of Approved Institutions on the Baby Bonus Online portal.
You cannot withdraw cash from the Child Development Account (CDA). However, you may use the funds at Approved Institutions registered with MSF under the Baby Bonus Scheme.
Funds in the Child Development Account cannot be used to pay primary and secondary school fees.
To use the funds in your child’s Child Development Account for his or her siblings, you are required to produce your children’s birth certificates for verification.
The CDA can be used for your child’s Medisave-Approved Integrated Shield plans. Under the Baby Bonus AI Scheme, parents can authorise Approved Institution to directly deduct CDAs to pay for Medisave-Approved Integrated Shield plans, through Interbank GIRO. Currently, Great Eastern Life (GE) is registered with our Ministry as an Approved Institution (AI). If you wish to purchase Medisave-Approved Integrated Shield plans from other private insurers, you may pay for these plans in cash first; but our Ministry facilitates CDA deductions on a reimbursement basis after that. The CDA trustee can write in to request for reimbursement by email to msf_babybonus@msf.gov.sg. Do note that riders are not part of the Integrated Shield Plans, thus the CDA cannot be used for riders. Riders do not meet the Ministry of Health’s requirements to be Medisave-payable, which are to have a minimum deductible and minimum 10% co-insurance. These requirements are to help keep premiums affordable and to encourage prudent use of healthcare services.
The Child Development Account (CDA) will be closed on the 31 December of the year your child turns 12 years old.  Funds in the CDA will automatically be transferred to your child’s Post Secondary Education Account (PSEA) under the Ministry of Education. The CDA funds cannot be withdrawn in cash. However, the funds can be used by the child to pay for fees at Approved Institutions (AIs) that are registered with the Baby Bonus Scheme. The PSEA balance will earn interest pegged to the CPF Ordinary Account (CPF-OA). Funds in the PSEA can be used for post-secondary education in the ITE, and locally based polytechnics and universities until your child turns 30 years old. Unutilised funds in the PSEA will eventually be transferred to account holder's CPF Ordinary Account.
You can utilise the funds in the Child Development Account or CDA for your child’s approved expenses once the CDA First Step has been credited. You do not have to deposit any money to receive or use the CDA First Step.
To check or reset your Child Development Account (CDA) pin number, please approach the CDA bank. The CDA banks, which are POSB/DBS, OCBC, and UOB, are responsible for issuing Baby Bonus NETS cards to parents.
We recognise that milk powder and diapers are daily necessities for the care of a young child. However, funds in the Child Development Account (CDA) cannot be used to purchase such items unless it is prescribed by a doctor or recommended by a pharmacist.
You can use the funds in the Child Development Account or CDA any time after you start saving in your child’s CDA. Your deposits will be matched within 2 weeks after saving into your child's CDA. To check your child's CDA balance and contributions, please go to ‘View/Update My Baby Bonus Details’ on the Baby Bonus Online, log in with your SingPass, and select 'View Statement’.
You may use your CHAS and Baby Bonus cards together in one transaction, as they serve different purposes. Please check with your respective Approved Institutions for more details.
The Child Development Account (CDA) is a special savings account for the child to help build up the savings that can be spent on approved uses. It is not a regular savings account and can only be held jointly in the name of the child and the nominated CDA trustee. You can check your child’s eligibility and Baby Bonus Benefits on the Baby Bonus Online portal, using the “Check Eligibility”, or select “View/Update My Baby Bonus Details” followed by “View Statement” at “Family View”, if your child has enrolled.
If you are the trustee of the Child Development Account and would like to be reimbursed for the premium that you have paid in cash, please send us your request through this form. Simply enter ‘CDA Refund’ in the Subject field and key in your details.
The types of educational and healthcare expenses approved for use in the Child Development Account (CDA) are: (a) Basic fees and indirect expenses at child care centres, kindergartens, special education schools or early intervention programmes, where applicable.  Approved list of indirect education expenses for payment through the CDA* Uniforms and attire Insurance Registration fee [Note: Not applicable (N.A.) for special education schools.] Bedding Materials [Note: N.A. for kindergartens and special education schools.] Materials/Books [Note: N.A. for childcare centres.]  Local Excursion/field trips Transport Deposit (must be refunded back into CDA) [Note: N.A. for special education schools which do not collect deposits.] Examination/assessment fees [Note: N.A. for childcare centres and kindergartens.] *Note: As the type of indirect expenses vary by the AIs, parents should confirm the actual expenses charged to the CDA with the AI. (b) Medical expenses at hospitals and clinics (c) Premiums for Medisave-approved integrated shield plans (d) Products at pharmacies: Medication prescribed by a medical practitioner or a pharmacist Surgical products Over-the-counter-medication Dermatological products Vitamin and health supplements (e) Spectacles, contact lens, optical-related eye care products and services at optical shops (f) The purchase, rental, maintenance or repair of Assistive Technology Device (ATD) and accessories, such as hearing aids, Braille laptops and wheelchairs; and professional assessment services in relation to the purchase or rental of ATDs.
You may top up your child’s CDA up to 31 December of the year your child turns 12 years old. Funds in the CDA will then be automatically transferred to your child’s Post Secondary Education Account (PSEA) under the Ministry of Education.  You may continue to save in the PSEA until your child is 18 years old and receive the remaining dollar-for-dollar Government matching if you have not saved up to the CDA cap. For more information on PSEA, please visit the Ministry of Education's website.
If you have not used the Baby Bonus Card for a long time, you may need to approach the CDA bank to re-activate it. The CDA banks, which are POSB/DBS, OCBC, and UOB, are responsible for issuing Baby Bonus NETS cards to parents.  If you would like to check your child's CDA balance and Government matching contributions, please go to Baby Bonus Online, click on ‘View/Update My Baby Bonus Details’. After logging in with your SingPass, please select 'View Statement’.
The Government may make one-time contributions into the Child Development Account, or CDA, from time to time. This CDA top-up does not receive Government matching. The most recent round of CDA top-up was in September 2015, for eligible children born between January 2009 and December 2015.
Your child will have up to $14,000 of Baby Bonus Benefits comprising: Cash Gift of $8,000 Dollar-for-dollar Government Matching Contribution of up to $6,000. When parents save in the Child Development Account, the Government will match dollar-for-dollar up to the maximum Government matching contribution within 2 weeks. Savings above the maximum Government matching contribution will not be matched.
Your child will have up to $22,000 of Baby Bonus Benefits comprising: Cash Gift: $10,000 Dollar-for-dollar Government Matching Contribution: Up to $12,000 When parents save in the Child Development Account, the Government will match dollar-for-dollar in the Account up to the maximum Government matching contribution within 2 weeks. Savings above the maximum Government matching contribution will not be matched.
Your child will have up to $28,000 of Baby Bonus Benefits comprising: Cash Gift of $10,000 Dollar-for-dollar Government Matching Contribution of up to $18,000 When parents save in the Child Development Account, the Government will match dollar-for-dollar in the Account up to the maximum Government matching contribution within 2 weeks. Savings above the maximum Government matching contribution will not be matched.
Your child will have up to $12,000 of Baby Bonus Benefits comprising: Cash Gift of $6,000 Dollar-for-dollar Government Matching Contribution of up to $6,000 When parents save in the Child Development Account, the Government will match dollar-for-dollar in the Account up to the maximum Government matching contribution within 2 weeks. Savings above the maximum Government matching contribution will not be matched.
Your child will have up to $20,000 of Baby Bonus Benefits comprising: Cash Gift of $8,000 Dollar-for-dollar Government Matching Contribution of up to $12,000 When parents save in the Child Development Account, the Government will match dollar-for-dollar in the Account up to the maximum Government matching contribution within 2 weeks. Savings above the maximum Government matching contribution will not be matched.
Your child will have up to $18,000 of Baby Bonus Benefits comprising: Dollar-for-dollar Government Matching Contribution of up to $18,000 When parents save in the Child Development Account, the Government will match dollar-for-dollar in the Account up to the maximum Government matching contribution within 2 weeks. Savings above the maximum Government matching contribution will not be matched.
Your child will have up to $10,000 of Baby Bonus Benefits comprising: Cash Gift of $4,000 Dollar-for-dollar Government Matching Contribution of up to $6,000 When parents save in the Child Development Account, the Government will match dollar-for-dollar in the Account up to the maximum Government matching contribution within 2 weeks. Savings above the maximum Government matching contribution will not be matched.
Your child will have up to $18,000 of Baby Bonus Benefits comprising: Cash Gift of $6,000 Dollar-for-dollar Government Matching Contribution of up to $12,000 When parents save in the Child Development Account, the Government will match dollar-for-dollar in the Account up to the maximum Government matching contribution within 2 weeks. Savings above the maximum Government matching contribution will not be matched.
Your child will have up to $3,000 of Baby Bonus Benefits comprising: Cash Gift of $3,000 only
Your child will have up to $9,000 of Baby Bonus Benefits comprising: Cash Gift of $3,000 Dollar-for-dollar Government Matching Contribution of up to $6,000 When parents save in the Child Development Account, the Government will match dollar-for-dollar in the Account up to the maximum Government matching contribution. Savings above the maximum Government matching contribution will not be matched.
At present, only the existing bank account holder or CDA trustee can request for a change. MSF will not be able to accede to your request otherwise.
If you are presently the primary caregiver for your child but your spouse is currently the CDA trustee and/or bank account holder, and you are unable to contact him/her to request for a change, you may write in to us using this form. Simply enter “CDA Trustee / Cash Gift Bank account holder” in the Subject field and key in your details.
You can submit a pre-birth registration between 8 to 2 weeks before your child's Estimated Delivery Date (EDD) by completing Section A of the application form, if you are giving birth in Singapore and your child will be a Singapore citizen at birth your marriage was registered in Singapore The applicant has to be a S/Pink or S/Blue NRIC holder. If your child is eligible, he or she will be enrolled within 3 to 5 working days.
Your application could be unsuccessful due to the following:  The particulars of parents in the form were not entered according to the child's Singapore birth certificate. Please submit a new application by entering the details according to your child's birth certificate; or Your child does not meet one of the eligibility criteria where both parents must be lawfully married. If you and your child's father are married now, you can email a copy of your child's birth certificate and your marriage certificate to us at msf_babybonus@msf.gov.sg. Your child's birth certificate must bear both the father's and mother's details.
If your child was born overseas and has obtained Singapore Citizenship, please submit a new application by completing Section C and upload the required documents including your marriage certificate for our review.    For the question: "Is your marriage registered in Singapore and your identification type and number remain the same as your marriage records?", please indicate "No" if your marriage was registered overseas, or you or spouse's identification number is different from his or her details in your Singapore marriage certificate.    Your application status will change to 'In-progress' once your application is submitted. It will take between 5 to 7 working days to process your application. You can view your application status online by going to "View/Update my Baby Bonus Details" on the Baby Bonus Online portal. You can also find out how much Baby Bonus your child can receive using "View Statement" at "Family View".
If your child was adopted and has obtained Singapore Citizenship (if applicable), please submit a new application by completing Section D and upload the required documents for our review.    Your application status will change to 'In-progress' once your application is submitted. It will take between 5 to 7 working days to process your application. You can view your application status online by going to "View/Update my Baby Bonus Details" on the Baby Bonus Online portal. You can also find out how much Baby Bonus your child can receive using "View Statement" at "Family View".
If you, the applicant, are the CDA Trustee, your child's CDA will be automatically opened within 3 days once he or she joins the scheme.
If you, the applicant, have nominated your spouse as the CDA Trustee, your spouse needs to complete the acceptance of CDA terms and conditions using the Baby Bonus Online portal. The CDA will be opened within 3 working days after he or she completes the acceptance.
If the CDA trustee is a foreigner or third party, we will send a letter of authorisation to him or her to open a CDA at the bank.
You can view the transactions made in your Child Development Account or CDA in the monthly statement sent by your CDA bank, or through Internet Banking.You may also go to 'View Statement Summary' on the Baby Bonus Online, log in using your SingPass, and select 'View Statement ' to view the CDA payment details and “Remaining Cap Amount”.For a quick guide on the opening of a CDA and your child’s benefits, you can check out this video under #BiteSizedBabyBonus in Baby Bonus Parenting Resources Facebook Page.
The MOL(Families) app was created to support you in your parenthood journey. Services and information centred round the needs of you and your family are integrated via a single digital platform, giving you what you need when you need it. Key features of the app include:   I. Register your child’s birth & apply for the Baby Bonus (currently applicable only for births in public hospitals) in one form; II. Search for and indicate interest in preschool facilities of your choice, through the use of geolocation technology, with accompanying information on school fees and vacancies; III. Access your child’s immunisation and medical appointment records; and IV. Receive credible and up-to-date Government content on applicable schemes and benefits, parenting information and events.  If you have a question on the app, email us at mol_families@psd.gov.sg.
The Moments of Life (Families) app will be enhanced regularly. Updates will be made available through the Apple App Store and Google Play Store.
To access the online Birth Registration service in the app, you or your spouse must be a Singapore citizen and   a. Both be SingPass/MyInfo account holders; b. Your child must have a valid electronic Notification of Live Birth (eNLB); and c. You must have registered your marriage in Singapore.   As the app is in its first pilot phase of development, the Birth Registration service is only available to citizens whose child is born in public hospitals, namely KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital (KKH), Singapore General Hospital (SGH) and National University Hospital (NUH).
If you are a Singapore Citizen, you will only need to show your NRIC to collect the Birth Certificate.   If you are a foreigner, you will need to provide the following documents: Passport, or Long-Term Pass cards, or Disembarkation/Embarkation cards. However, if you or your spouse have edited any marriage information in in the online application, you will also need to show your original marriage certificate for verification.   As your marriage records will need to be verified at the point of Birth Certificate collection, you may experience a longer wait to collect your child’s Birth Certificate.
Please log in to Immigration & Checkpoints Authority (ICA) e-Appointment page to request for a change in date and time of your appointment.
The e-appointment booking feature for hospitals is currently not available on the app. E-appointment bookings via the app are only available for Birth Certificate collection at the Immigration & Checkpoints Authority (ICA).
The Birth Certificate can only be collected by the child’s parents.
As the consent of both parents is required for Birth Registration, you and your spouse will need to log in with SingPass in order to provide your individual consent to the application. This will also enable us to verify your marriage details.
Your spouse will need to visit www.singpass.gov.sg to register for a SingPass account.   If your spouse is unable to obtain a SingPass account, you can register your child’s birth at the hospital where he or she was born or at the Immigration & Checkpoints Authority (ICA).
Currently, you can only key in a local mobile phone number during Birth Registration.   You may consider registering your child’s birth at the hospital where he or she was born or at the Immigration & Checkpoints Authority (ICA) instead.
Birth Registration must be completed within 42 days of your child’s birth.   You may register your child’s birth after your spouse is available to receive SMS notifications.   Alternatively, you may proceed to register your child’s birth at the hospital where he or she was born or at the Immigration & Checkpoints Authority (ICA).
The Moments of Life (Families) app is still in the pilot stages of development. For the first phase, the Birth Registration service is only available to citizens whose child is born in public hospitals, namely KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital (KKH), Singapore General Hospital (SGH) and National University Hospital (NUH).   There are plans to extend the Birth Registration service to private hospitals. More details will be announced later.   However, you are still able to access other features of the app such as the preschool geolocation search function, viewing of your child’s immunisation records and medical appointments, and parenting information and events.
You will be redirected to the Birth Certificate collection page in the app, where you will be able to access the payment process again.   If you encounter further issues with payment, please contact us at mol_families@psd.gov.sg.
Yes, you can access the Baby Bonus website via the Moments of Life (Families) app.   To apply, please follow the steps below.   1) Go to “Menu” 2) Select “Newborn” under “Services” 3) Select “Baby Bonus Application”, where you will be linked directly to the Baby Bonus website in-app. 4) Log in with your SingPass.
You can register your child’s birth at the hospital where he or she was born or at the Immigration & Checkpoints Authority (ICA).
Yes, you can access the Baby Bonus website on the Moments of Life (Families) app.   Check your eligibility to open a Baby Bonus Child Development Account (CDA).   To apply, please follow the steps below.   1) Go to “Menu” 2) Select “Newborn” under “Services” 3) Select “Baby Bonus Application” 4) Log in with your SingPass.
You will need a valid Birth Certificate number to indicate your interest in centres.
If you have already selected 10 centres, you will need to remove centres before adding more.   To view the list of selected centres:   1) Tap on the "View" button from "Results" or "Details" page. 2) Select "Remove" on the "Selected Centres" page
Kindergartens hold annual mass registration exercises for their student enrolment. Please contact the kindergartens directly if you would like to enrol your child.
The centre will contact you directly if your child has successfully been enrolled.
You can check if the centre is a Baby Bonus Approved Institution.
You will be able to view your children’s immunisation and appointment records on the app.   To view your child’s immunisation and appointment records: 1) Go to “Menu” 2) Select “Child Health” under “Services” 3) Select “Immunisation Records” or “Medical Appointments” 4) Log in with your SingPass   Medical appointments made with private clinics or hospitals will not be reflected on the app.
You can currently only view your child’s immunisation records on the Moments of Life (Families) app.   Please contact the polyclinic/hospital where your child will be having the immunisation to request for a change in appointment.
Please contact the Health Promotion Board (HPB) at hpb_healthhub@hpb.gov.sg.
The app supports the current major versions (and up to 2 versions earlier) of iOS and Android. Details on compatibility can also be found on the App listing page in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Services such as Birth Registration, Baby Bonus Application and Child Health will require SingPass login to prefill the online form or view records.   Log in with SingPass on the “Profile” page to have immediate access to your children’s MyInfo records.
Please visit www.singpass.gov.sg to register for a SingPass account.
Please visit www.singpass.gov.sg to reset your SingPass password.
To indicate your interest for an infant care/child care centre:   1) Go to “Menu” 2) Select “Preschool” under “Services” 3) Select “Preschool Search” 4) Search for the centre using its name or postal code 5) Select “Select Centre”   You will be able to indicate your interest for up to 10 infant care/child care centres.
